.TH VRF 8
.SH NAME
vrf \- sets up and configures a new VRF instance
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B vrf [-hv] start|getpid 
.I NAMESPACE
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B vrf
is usually used to initialize network (and UTS) namespaces. It executes two
scripts; 'assign' is executed in the original namespace while 'start' is
executed in the newly created namespace.  
.SH OPTIONS
.IP -v
Enable verbose output
.IP start
Start the namespace specified with
.I NAMESPACE
.IP getpid
Prints the namespace pid of a running namespace
.IP -h
Outputs usage information
.SH FILES
.I /etc/vrf/NAMESPACE
.RS
The directory containing all configuration of a single namespace
.RE
.I /etc/vrf/NAMESPACE/assign
.RS
Contains the host system part of the setup procedures
.RE
.I /etc/vrf/NAMESPACE/start
.RS
Contains the child namespace part of the setup procedures
.RE
.SH ENVIRONMENT

.IP VRF_NAME
The ASCII name of the namespace
.IP VRF_PID
The process ID of the newly spawned namespace
.SH EXAMPLE
The following example demonstrates the use of 
.BR vrf
to spawn a fairly basic network namespace. 
.SS Assign script
\&
.nf
#! /bin/sh
ip link add name veth0 type veth peer name veth.vrf
ip link set veth0 netns $NETNS_PID
ip addr add 172.22.22.1/30 dev veth.vrf scope link
ip link set veth.vrf up
.fi
.SS Start script
\&
.nf
#! /bin/sh
hostname foo-vrf
ip link set lo up
ip addr add 172.22.22.2/30 dev veth0
ip link set veth0 up
screen -d -m
.fi

After starting the vrf there should be a detached screen session you can
attach to for further configuration. A lightweight, init-like system that
could be used for starting processes is
.BR runsvdir (2)
included in runit.
.SH BUGS
TBD. The software itself should be more or less free of bugs as it is fairly
simple. Most problems encountered are caused by using older kernel versions.
Almost all bugs with regard to network namespaces should be fixed in 2.6.35.
.SH AUTHOR
vrf was written by Daniel Lamparter <equinox at diac24 dot net>

This man page was written by Benjamin Kiessling <benjaminkiessling at bttec dot org>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR clone (2)

